c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\FateAscension.exe
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\FateAscension.pdb
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\obj\x86\Debug\FateAscension.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\obj\x86\Debug\FateAscension.exe
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\obj\x86\Debug\FateAscension.pdb
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\RogueSharp.dll
c:\users\gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\RogueSharp.xml
C:\Users\Gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Player.png
C:\Users\Gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Hound.png
C:\Users\Gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\White.png
C:\Users\Gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\myWall.jpg
C:\Users\Gloom\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FateAscension\FateAscension\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\myFloor.png
